Installation:

   To compile and install this package, you need an *installed* version of
the kpathsea library.  Specifically, this means the kpathsea headers must be
in your preprocessor search path (-I) and the kpathsea library must be in
your linker search path (-L).  The kpathsea library is included in source
form with the "texk" bundle or the "web2c" bundle, available on CTAN.
Similar remarks hold for "libz" and its headers; however, dvipdfm will
configure and compile without libz--you just won't have any compression.  It
*requires* kpath, however.

   1.  Unbundle the gzip'ed tar file.
   2.  Before compiling, set the CPPFLAGS, CFLAGS, and LDFLAGS environment
       variables with any options you want and also any -I or -L options
       required to locate kpathsea.  CPPFLAGS should probably contain -I
       pointing at the directory containing tex-file.h LDFLAGS should
       probably contain -L pointing at the directory containing
       libkpathsea.a 3.  Type "./configure" in the dvipdfm directory along
       with any necessary options, e.g., "--prefix=PATH". 4.  Type "make" in
       the dvipdfm directory. 5.  If all goes well, type "make install" in
       the dvipdfm directory.

   I have installed this cleanly on Solaris 2.5 and RedHat Linux 5.1
(upgraded to tetex-0.9). I have been using it primarily under Linux.

   Please e-mail bug reports to

     Mark A. Wicks
     Kettering University
     mwicks@kettering.edu
      
Notes/Possible Problems:

   1.  The Makefile installs the "dvipdfm" and the "ebb" binaries.
       The dvipdfm binary requries kpathsea to do its font searching.
       You must already have a working TeX installation with its own
       texmf.cnf, etc.

   2.  In addition to this package, you will need PostScript Type1 fonts for
       the Computer Modern fonts and any additional fonts you want to use.
       PostScript Type1 fonts are distributed by the American Math Society.
       Information about these fonts is available at the URL

       http://www.ams.org/tex/type1-fonts.html

       and the fonts themselves (Computer Modern and AMS fonts) are available at

         ftp://ftp.ams.org/pub/tex/psfonts/

       These fonts need to be installed in a location where the kpathsea
       library can find them.

   3.  If "dvipdfm" complains that it can't find fonts, read the "kpathsea"
       documentation about debugging path searching.  If you can't get
       kpathsea to find your texmf tree, it can always locate the
       fonts using environment variables.  If "kpathsea" can't find
       your texmf.cnf, try setting the environment variable TEXMFCNF
       to point to the directory containing texmf.cnf.  As an
       alternative, you can set AFMFONTS to point to your ".afm" files
       (dvipdfm needs these), set T1FONTS to point to your ".pfb" files,
       and set TFMFONTS to point to your ".tfm" files.
