Installation:

   To compile and install this package, follow the usual drill:
   
   1.  Unbundle the gzip'ed tar file.
   2.  Type "./configure" in the top directory, specifying
       any necessary options, e.g., "--prefix=PATH".
   3.  Type "make" in the top directory.
   4.  If all goes well, type "make install" in the top directory.
   
   I have installed this cleanly on Solaris 2.5 and RedHat Linux 5.1.

   Please e-mail bug reports to

     Mark A. Wicks
     Kettering University
     mwicks@kettering.edu
      
Notes/Possible Problems:

   1.  The Makefile installs only the "dvipdfm" binary.  Additional files in
       the kpathsea distribution are not installed.  It is assumed you
       already have a working TeX distribution with its own texmf.cnf, etc.

   2.  In addition to this package, you will need PostScript Type1 fonts for
       the Computer Modern fonts and any additional fonts you want to use.
       PostScript Type1 fonts are distributed by the American Math Society.
       Information about these fonts is available at the URL

       http://www.ams.org/tex/type1-fonts.html

       and the fonts themselves (Computer Modern and AMS fonts) are available at

         ftp://ftp.ams.org/pub/tex/psfonts/

       These fonts need to be installed in a location where the kpathsea
       library can find them.

   3.  If "dvipdfm" complains that it can't find fonts, read the "kpathsea"
       documentation about debugging path searching (located in the
       "kpathsea") directory.  This package uses version 3.2 of the kpathsea
       library.  Make sure your TeX installation has a texmf.cnf that is
       compatible with version 3.2 of the kpathsea library.  Version
       3.2 of "kpathsea" along with its texmf.cnf is contained in
       this distribution.  If your TeX distribution doesn't use version 3.2,
       or if you can't get it to find the fonts, kpathsea can always find the
       fonts using environment variables.  If "kpathsea" can't finding
       your texmf.cnf, try setting the environment variable TEXMFCNF
       to point to the directory containing texmf.cnf.  As an
       alternative, you can set AFMFONTS to point to your ".afm" files
       (dvipdfm needs these). Set T1FONTS to point to your ".pfb" files.
